h1. Changelog

p. Changes to the SlideshowFX software are listed by version within this document.

h2. Versions

h3(#@@NEXT_VERSION@@). "Version @@NEXT_VERSION@@":#@@NEXT_VERSION@@

h4. New and noteworthy

* TODO

h4. Bug fixes

* ALT key doesn't focus menu bar, but ALT GR does ("#34":https://github.com/twasyl/SlideshowFX/issues/34)
* Tooltips are always initialized for plugin buttons in the setup ("#35":https://github.com/twasyl/SlideshowFX/issues/35)

h4. Included plugins within the packaging

|_. Plugin |_. Version |
| SlideshowFX-alert-extension | 1.2 |
| SlideshowFX-asciidoctor | 1.1 |
| SlideshowFX-box-hosting-connector | 1.2 |
| SlideshowFX-code-extension | 1.2 |
| SlideshowFX-drive-hosting-connector | 1.3 |
| SlideshowFX-dropbox-hosting-connector | 1.2 |
| SlideshowFX-go-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-golo-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-groovy-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-html | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-image-extension | 1.3 |
| SlideshowFX-java-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-javascript-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-kotlin-executor | 1.1 |
| SlideshowFX-link-extension | 1.2 |
| SlideshowFX-markdown | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-quiz-extension | 1.1 |
| SlideshowFX-quote-extension | 1.1 |
| SlideshowFX-scala-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-sequence-diagram-extension | 1.1 |
| SlideshowFX-shape-extension | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-snippet-extension | 1.2 |
| SlideshowFX-textile | 1.2 |

h3(#2_0). "Version 2.0":#2_0

h4. New and noteworthy

* Update the SlideshowFX-textile plugin ("#32":https://github.com/twasyl/SlideshowFX/issues/32)
* Update the code and snippet extension to support new programming language
* Alert content extension plugin uses new version of SweetAlert
* New Shape plugin allowing to insert shapes in a presentation
* Change the Windows default installation location
* Take the log configuration in consideration
* Creating a new presentation displays a template's library allowing to create presentations from previously used templates
* Display the current time in the information pane during a slideshow
* Adding support for speaker notes
* Ask for confirmation when deleting a presentation's variable
* Introduction of version for templates
* Allow to re-open recent presentations
* Uses ACE 1.3.1 in the slide content editor
* Using FontAwesome 5.0.8
* Twitter integration has been improved

h4. Bug fixes

* Information screen during slideshow react to events emitted by the slideshow, meaning it will react correctly to display current and next slide
* Free information pane's resources correctly when exiting the slideshow mode
* Box hosting connector overwrite an existing file correctly when asked to
* Prevent NullPointerException to be thrown when auto saving is enabled and the presentation hasn't been already saved
* Allow Kotlin snippets to be executed on Windows

h4. Included plugins within the packaging

|_. Plugin |_. Version |
| SlideshowFX-alert-extension | 1.2 |
| SlideshowFX-asciidoctor | 1.1 |
| SlideshowFX-box-hosting-connector | 1.2 |
| SlideshowFX-code-extension | 1.2 |
| SlideshowFX-drive-hosting-connector | 1.3 |
| SlideshowFX-dropbox-hosting-connector | 1.2 |
| SlideshowFX-go-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-golo-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-groovy-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-html | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-image-extension | 1.3 |
| SlideshowFX-java-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-javascript-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-kotlin-executor | 1.1 |
| SlideshowFX-link-extension | 1.2 |
| SlideshowFX-markdown | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-quiz-extension | 1.1 |
| SlideshowFX-quote-extension | 1.1 |
| SlideshowFX-scala-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-sequence-diagram-extension | 1.1 |
| SlideshowFX-shape-extension | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-snippet-extension | 1.2 |
| SlideshowFX-textile | 1.2 |

h3(#1_4). "Version 1.4":#1_4

h4. New and noteworthy

* Create files and directories directly from the tree view of the template builder ("#26":https://github.com/twasyl/SlideshowFX/issues/26)
* Display the application version in the splash screen ("#29":https://github.com/twasyl/SlideshowFX/issues/29)
* Go to the newly added slide when adding a slide ("#30":https://github.com/twasyl/SlideshowFX/issues/30)

h4. Bug fixes

* The help can be displayed ("#24":https://github.com/twasyl/SlideshowFX/issues/24)
* The label for the slides' template directory within the template builder has been corrected ("#25":https://github.com/twasyl/SlideshowFX/issues/25)
* Allow to load the template's configuration when a slide has no template elements ("#27":https://github.com/twasyl/SlideshowFX/issues/27)
* Allow to insert a slide that has no template elements in a presentation ("#28":https://github.com/twasyl/SlideshowFX/issues/28)

h3(#1_3). "Version 1.3":#1_3

h4. New and noteworthy

* Code extension now supports the markdown syntax
* Code extension has been updated to support more languages
* Code extension's UI has been changed to allow better language's selection
* Link extension now supports the markdown syntax
* Remove support for LeapMotion
* The editor for the template configuration file inside the template builder has been improved ("#21":https://github.com/twasyl/SlideshowFX/issues/21)
* The treeview inside the template builder only expands the root element at the opening
* The image extension allows to delete images stored within the presentation ("#22":https://github.com/twasyl/SlideshowFX/issues/22)
* If no image is selected in the image extension, nothing is inserted within the slide editor
* Uses ACE 1.2.6 in the slide content editor
* Update libraries

h4. Included plugins within the packaging

|_. Plugin |_. Version |
| SlideshowFX-alert-extension | 1.1 |
| SlideshowFX-asciidoctor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-box-hosting-connector | 1.1 |
| SlideshowFX-code-extension | 1.1 |
| SlideshowFX-drive-hosting-connector | 1.2 |
| SlideshowFX-dropbox-hosting-connector | 1.1 |
| SlideshowFX-go-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-golo-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-groovy-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-html | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-image-extension | 1.2 |
| SlideshowFX-java-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-javascript-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-kotlin-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-link-extension | 1.1 |
| SlideshowFX-markdown | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-quiz-extension | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-quote-extension | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-scala-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-sequence-diagram-extension | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-snippet-extension | 1.1 |
| SlideshowFX-textile | 1.1 |

h3(#1_2). "Version 1.2":#1_2

h4. New and noteworthy

* Google Drive hosting connector is now working correctly with the v3 API ("#12":https://github.com/twasyl/SlideshowFX/issues/12)
* It is possible to open files in the internal browser
* Ask for confirmation before deleting a slide
* The OSGi manager only starts the most recent plugins ("#15":https://github.com/twasyl/SlideshowFX/issues/15)
* The image extension now supports the markdown markup

h4. Bug fixes

* Correct the setup for the Linux platform which wasn't working ("#14":https://github.com/twasyl/SlideshowFX/pull/14)

h4. Included plugins within the packaging

|_. Plugin |_. Version |
| SlideshowFX-alert-extension | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-asciidoctor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-box-hosting-connector | 1.1 |
| SlideshowFX-code-extension | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-drive-hosting-connector | 1.1 |
| SlideshowFX-dropbox-hosting-connector | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-go-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-golo-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-groovy-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-html | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-image-extension | 1.1 |
| SlideshowFX-java-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-javascript-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-kotlin-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-link-extension | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-markdown | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-quiz-extension | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-quote-extension | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-scala-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-sequence-diagram-extension | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-snippet-extension | 1.1 |
| SlideshowFX-textile | 1.0 |

h3(#1_1). "Version 1.1":#1_1

h4. New and noteworthy

* Box hosting connector allowing to interact with box ("#8":https://github.com/twasyl/SlideshowFX/issues/8)
* Introduce the plugin center allowing to install and remove plugins ("#9":https://github.com/twasyl/SlideshowFX/issues/9)
* Uses ACE 1.2.5 in the slide content editor
* Improve the setup in order to make the selection of at least one markup plugin mandatory ("#11":https://github.com/twasyl/SlideshowFX/issues/11)

h4. Bug fixes

* Pasting in the slide content editor doesn't paste twice anymore ("#10":https://github.com/twasyl/SlideshowFX/issues/10)

h4. Included plugins within the packaging

|_. Plugin |_. Version |
| SlideshowFX-alert-extension | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-asciidoctor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-box-hosting-connector | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-code-extension | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-drive-hosting-connector | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-dropbox-hosting-connector | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-go-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-golo-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-groovy-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-html | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-image-extension | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-java-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-javascript-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-kotlin-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-link-extension | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-markdown | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-quiz-extension | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-quote-extension | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-scala-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-sequence-diagram-extension | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-snippet-extension | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-textile | 1.0 |

h3(#1_0). "Version 1.0":#1_0

p. This is the first version of SlideshowFX.

h4. Included plugins within the packaging

|_. Plugin |_. Version |
| SlideshowFX-alert-extension | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-asciidoctor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-code-extension | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-drive-hosting-connector | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-dropbox-hosting-connector | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-go-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-golo-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-groovy-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-html | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-image-extension | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-java-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-javascript-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-kotlin-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-link-extension | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-markdown | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-quiz-extension | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-quote-extension | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-scala-executor | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-sequence-diagram-extension | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-snippet-extension | 1.0 |
| SlideshowFX-textile | 1.0 |